The inspiration for me to come up with the graph is the Central Limit Theorem which I’ve learned in Math class, stating that large enough samples would tend to form a normal distribution. After Identifying and separating 4 groups in the data (estrus/non-estrus paired with day/night), I’m able to get very bell-shaped histograms. Then, I stumbled upon the idea about a CI test to see if any measured temperature is considered ‘Normal' or not. To achieve that, I calculated by code on what percentage of data is strictly lower than the given data and see if the given data is an outlier, hence my initial idea of the page forms.
Prior to the graph making, I made changes to the data, primarily by grouping them. Firstly I changed the minutes into days and minutes (ranging from 0 to 1440 because there are 1440 mins in a day). Then I separated the estrus days which are pretty obvious because of the higher mean and median and the fact they happen every 4 days. Then I separated Day and Night data, which the night data ranges from 9pm to 9am (a bit after sunset and sunrise) and the rest become day data. This is picked assuming that night/day splits evenly AND both groups make a normal distribution, so that I can find the center with an overall combined bimodal distribution with 2 distinct peaks. And that’s how I group every data, into its estrus/non-estrus and day/night subgroups. 
Then I made the graph. The graph titles with Check if your mouse girl is doing well, because of the Estrus affecting temperature in our given samples. 
Then, There’s a box which the user can enter a temperature of their own choice, or they can use the arrows to adjust the temperature with 0.05 degrees celsius being one step. The temperature (in arrow mode) is limited strictly between 35 and 40 because it’s the domain of our graph. 
There’s a slide which allows you to select how many mice are put into the sample. This does not essentially affect our results very much except for data very close to CV. However, this slide is kept because it demonstrates CLT very well. We can see VERY CLEARLY how the distribution went from somehow random with stiff peaks got smooth out and becomes a bell curve when mice count is added. 
The lower are two very important toggles which allows the user to choose if their measured data is from estrus and is measured at night or day. Whatever group they choose (night/day, estrus/non-estrus), they’ll only be compared with ALL OTHER DATA inside the same group because they are from the same distribution. We get 4 different distributions in this way.
The graph itself is a histogram. The X-axis is the temperature, which ranges from 35 to 40 as that’s where our lowest and highest data points lie. The Y axis is the percentage which changes when the sample changes. It allows users to see what percentage of the bin their data falls into, knowing how rare the temperature range of their measured data is. There’s a red line indicating the measured statistic, and it’s made to be the deepest line in the graph so that it catches attention. It’s the line where the user’s entered temperature would be on the distribution. The color palette of the histogram is designed to be pink around higher density bins and light blue around lower density bins, I choose it that way because pink blends in well with (or is more similar to) red. So that if the red line aligns with large shades of pink we know we are good. If the red line aligns with blue, forming a contrast, the user would recognize that the situation is not so ideal. 
There’s a line directly saying that the measured mouse temp is higher than what percentage of the testing mice after the graph, interpreting the single most essential idea in the graph. There would also be a warning that would pop out if the measured statistic is close enough to be an outlier.